docs: update unstable_after docs (#71313)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/04-functions/unstable_after.mdx

}
```

> Note that `unstable_after` is not a [Dynamic API](/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components#dynamic-apis) and calling it does not cause a route to become dynamic.
> If it is used within a static page, the callback will execute at build time, or whenever a page is revalidated.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Good to know:** `unstable_after` is not a [Dynamic API](/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components#dynamic-apis) and calling it does not cause a route to become dynamic. If it's used within a static page, the callback will execute at build time, or whenever a page is revalidated.
```
